Add Docs for Email Invitation Customization (#7891)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/customize-auth-lifecycle/email-customization/index.mdx

{/* verification email (basic) */}
{/* verification email with react.email/jsx.email */}

## Customize the Verification Email

By default, Amplify Auth resources are scaffolded with email as the default method for your users to sign in. When you users sign up they receive a verification email to confirm their ownership of the email they specified during sign-up. Emails such as the verification email can be customized with your app's brand identity.

To get started, change the `email` attribute of `loginWith` from `true` to an object to begin customizing its default behavior:

```diff title="amplify/auth/resource.ts"
import { defineAuth } from "@aws-amplify/backend"

export const auth = defineAuth({
  loginWith: {
-   email: true, 
+   email: {
+     verificationEmailStyle: "CODE",
+     verificationEmailSubject: "Welcome to my app!",
+     verificationEmailBody: (createCode) => `Use this code to confirm your account: ${createCode()}`,
+   },
  },
})
```

## Customize the Invitation Email 

> In some cases, you may setup a user account on behalf of a user in the Amplify Console. In this case, Amplify Auth will send an invitation email to the user welcoming them to your application. This email includes a brief welcome message, along with the email address they can log in with and the temporary password you've setup for them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, you may set up a user account on behalf of a user in the Amplify Console. In this case, Amplify Auth will send an invitation email to the user welcoming them to your application. This email includes a brief welcome message, along with the email address they can log in with and the temporary password you've set up for them. 
```
